Here resides a paper that proves without question that J. S. Bell’s
‘Speakable and Unspeakable in Quantum Mechanics’ is as good a
collection of physics papers as is the wrapping paper that a dog has
just shredded.

The Ada program in this repository came first. I wrote it and came to
the impasse where one has, in essence, recreated the CHSH
formula. That formula, I then saw, was just one integration away from
the CORRECT formula (which everyone already knows! but which quantum
physicists refuse to try to get to), so the only question was why one
would need to do that integration. And the answer was: because the
correlation coefficient has to be invariant under rotation of the
apparatus. Except I did not know yet to say it that way. This paper is
where I say it that way. The correlation coefficient has to be
invariant under in-unison rotation of the two settings.

Now, as to the paper’s audience. The journals unquestionably have
failed us, so I do not write the paper for them. Therefore I am free
to, for instance, suggest future TV comedians select the Nobel
Committee for Physics as subject for their jokes. Would that not be an
appropriate suggestion? I think comedians should consider it. I write
not for journals, but for distribution by the old method:
correspondence. Please read the paper and also pass it along to your
scientific, engineering, mathematical, philosophical, etc.,
colleagues, friends, enemies, frenemies, and so on.

Writing for correspondence also means I can use the Wikipedia
(permanent links only!) for citations, so people can simply read the
stuff. I need not dredge up citations designed merely to satisfy the
paper-churning journal system that has failed us. I need not buy the
second edition of that dreadful book by Bell (whose first edition I
have had for decades and not yet used for origami), just so I can be
sure to quote the correct page.

Credentials do matter a little, so here are mine. I am a disabled
former computer programmer, but have qualifications in random process
analysis that, apparently, must far exceed those of a nuclear
physicist such as Bell. Specifically, I have a master’s degree
(Rutgers University, 1990) in digital signal processing, which is a
branch of electrical engineering. Such a degree included mandatory
coursework specifically in the topic of random process analysis. I am
a long-time member of both the Institute of Electrical and Electronics
Engineers and the Association for Computing Machinery.

The paper is licensed CC BY 4.0:
http://creativecommons.org/licenses/by/4.0/
